IWC Transit Gateway is a really awesome service.
It's described by IWC as being a cloud rouser, and it connects VPI, sees season on premises, locations
together using a central hub.
So let's have a look at what this means.
Now again, what I want to do is show you a fully meshed architecture without IWC transit gateway to
help you understand the problem we're trying to solve.
Because when we have lots of pieces and on premises locations, it can get really complex.
The peering connections that we set up if we use VPC pairing can become extremely complex.
So let's say we have VPC, A, B, C and D again, and we've established our VPC pairing links.
And as you know, there's going to be quite a few pairing links.
We've got six pairing links that we've got to set up just four for VPC.
And as you increase the number of EPCs, it gets very complex.
So here we have six VPC parent connections.
We then have a corporate office connected via our customer gateway.
So how do we connect the corporate office using a site to site VPN to each of these VIP seats?
Well, we need a virtual gateway in HPC.
Then we need to establish a connection to the customer gateway from each VPC, and each of those is
its own encrypted IPsec VPN.
So there's full site to site VPN connections, and that's not even including redundancy.
If you wanted to add redundancy, you'd need another customer gateway and double the amount of S2S VPN
connections.
So it starts getting super complex.
Let's now look at the same architecture, but with transit gateway, in this case, the same for BBQs
and a corporate office.
We stick transit gateway in the middle and it becomes the network transit hub that interconnects the
buses and on premises networks.
So now we have connections into each of these vehicles.
The bikes become attached to the transit gateway and you specify one subnet from each availability zone.
And that enables routing within that availability zone for any other subnets.
We then have the customer data center.
We've got the corporate office here, we have a customer gateway and the customer gateway connection.
And that's it.
This is now a service which is allowing us to connect through this cloud route to the central hub to
any of these vehicles to use can be attached to VPNs, direct connect gateways, third party appliances
and also transit gateways in other regions and also offer accounts.
So let's have a look at how it works with the Gateway.
So in this case, rather than using a site to site VPN, our corporate office has a customer router
and we're connecting into a DNS location and we're using a DEX gateway.
So now the DEX Gateway has a connection to transit gateway, and that's called an association.
We then have the physical connection back to the corporate office from Direct Connect, and we create
something called a transit vet.
So this is another type of virtual interface specifically used for direct connect gateways.
When they're associated to a transit gateway, so transit is only used when you're attaching a DCS gateway
to a transit gateway.
Now this architecture then supports for transitive routing between on premises, the transit gateway
and all of those connected vehicles.
As you can imagine, when your company gets bigger and starts using more vehicles in more regions and
you want to have that transit of pairing between them.
It can get so complex that transit gateway will really solve a lot of challenges.
So that's it for this lesson.
I'll see you in the next lesson.